Good evening, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We have a lot of work to do, things I have in my spirit to pray about.
We aren't going to waste a lot of time because I came on late.
It takes me a little bit because I haven't been eating fast food junk.
I cook my food fresh every day using whole foods.
I am trying to do well and keep my calories logged.
Diana found a neat app that helps me weigh my food in a bowl every day to track how many ounces I'm eating.
It's a real treat.
I'm not complaining, Father; I'm so thankful I am able to measure and weigh our food.
Not that you probably care, but it's interesting.
That is why it takes me a little longer; I am navigating a new learning curve.
We are going to pray real quick, and then I'll let you go so you can have your night.
Most of you are probably going to bed, but I felt in my heart when Braden was telling me the news about reports of Iranians hiding missiles.
If you go back three videos, the Spirit of God showed us massive underground tunnels.
I said you could use a train to move through them based on what I was seeing.
There were railroad cars for these heavy missiles.
I saw them moving them on flatbed carts, similar to the rails used in mining to lift coal or gold.
They were long and filled with missiles and various military equipment underground.
Reports today suggest they know about 50%, though it changes constantly due to fake news and AI videos.
From what I understand, they have quite a few found silos or missile hiding spaces, but they still cannot find 50% or more of them.
They're using our big bombers with payloads of 70,000 lbs to drop on these targets to try to reach underground and bust these so-called tunnels.
Braden found an announcement this morning.
This is Iran bragging that they have all this underground, saying, 'We're fixing to use all this on you.
' Braden posted things on X for you.
I want to see the one with the tunnels.
I didn't get to watch it all the way through.
Braden said this goes along with what the Lord showed me.
Look at those tunnels.
I don't see railroad tracks, so I don't know about that.
This looks like they have wheels and can be moved that way.
In what I saw, it looked sandy, and they were taking them from one bunker to another to avoid detection.
These are massive underground facilities.
Do you know how much money that is?
My goodness, that's a lot of money to build those tunnels underground.
Look at all that weaponry.
As I was shown in the spirit, they were all connected like ant dens.
You can stir the top of the ant den, but you're only seeing the effect on top, not what is going on underneath.
They have all this underground.
I saw bunkers deep down.
The more they were being attacked by America, the deeper they would put their equipment to avoid being annihilated.
Braden said this matches what the Lord showed me.
There are reports about other things the United States has hit.
They're saying they have a missile coming out of a tunnel.
That massive thing looked like a megaton.
I guess we hit it, but look how big that thing is.
That's what I feel in my heart.
Excuse my allergies; I'm overcoming them tonight.
Spring has sprung before officially getting here in Oklahoma.
The trees and flowers are blooming, and I pray we don't have a freeze that kills them.
I thought it was interesting that Emmanuel Macron jumped in the fight tonight.
Did anybody hear what Emmanuel Macron said?
Go ahead and play Emmanuel Macron.
Basically, Emmanuel Macron is saying he is taking his boat and will start beefing up his nuclear capabilities.
It goes along with what I have seen concerning Emmanuel Macron.
The Lord said in the days ahead he will be raised up to be a tyrant.
Is he doing that now?
No, he's just acting like he wants to be involved.
I believe what the Lord showed us last video was when I saw Turkey building and taking over that Strait area, that little crossing.
I was shown by the Spirit of God Turkey rising up, and I saw massive war drums beating in the Black Sea.
I saw the Turkish leader, whether he is the prime minister or president—I don't know his title—put on a Count Dracula cape with a massive collar and a brooch.
He looked like he was from an old Dracula movie with slicked-back hair.
Braden made an AI image of it.
He looked toward the west at the waterway to the Ukraine area and southern Europe.
He was eyeing it.
Then I heard him having a meeting with Vladimir Putin.
They were discussing how they were done playing the cat and mouse game.
I heard unconventional weapons of war, like we've never seen before, being used by Putin.
Mega stuff.
I saw Turkey being involved to block the waterway to get into the Black Sea to defend and try to help with Ukraine and the things ahead.
I saw Russia annihilating Zelensky and doing the thing, and I saw above Ukraine and in this area WW3 really big across it, and I saw it go from all over Europe.
That's what I saw right there.
The Dardanelles straits?
Yeah, can you show them?
That's what I saw, Turkey taking over and making it where it was impossible to go into the Black Sea.
Now, I don't know if there's any other ways.
But what I saw—where's Ukraine at?
Ukraine's right there.
It's like you see Constantinople.
No, you got to move it down.
Okay, that's where Ukraine's at.
I see it here.
So that's why I saw them controlling that to try to help Russia.
Then I saw Kim Jong-un sending tens of thousands of troops to Ukraine and helping Iran in the days ahead, flexing.
He started to become paranoid because he thinks he's next, which I pray with all my heart he is.
Wouldn't that be wonderful if he was removed, too?
That man is terrible to those North Koreans.
He's crazy, too.
As I was seeing, I linked it back to what the Lord showed me concerning the Olympics and that satanic thing in that arch when I told you.
People said, 'Brandon, that's not a word,' but they were conjuring up the Hitler spirit by satanic practice, bringing forth through these tablets that I saw—old ancient satanic writing that was like in hieroglyphics on tablets.
I don't know what this was, but it was on a black, like onyx-looking tablet, and they were trying to read through AI scans because it's hard for them to understand what it was.
But they were trying to scan it with an AI, with a computer, with quantum computing to try to open up portals to bring forth the antichrist, the Mahdi.
What is even being said all over the world right now?
Even Diana said this morning somebody sent her an article from, I believe it was a major news channel, saying that's what these major religious people are saying.
We have been—Iran has been prepared for this for decades now, waiting for this event.
That's Fox.
Okay, so you found it.
They can see it.
It's Fox.
So they are all ready and preparing for who they call the Mahdi.
And they said that this major event had to happen, and they're excited about it.
And they've been prepared and have been preparing for decades now because they want the Mahdi to come.
And they know he'll come through war.
Whenever Diana was reading—she read the whole thing to me—I said, 'Oh my gosh, do we really realize that even the Islamic world realizes how close we are to the end of the end?
' And they're preparing for it.
They needed this war with Israel and with America, the great Satan, to stir it all up, to bring forth their Islamic savior.
And this is during Ramadan.
This is all during their Ramadan.
And the Lord said, 'This is why I'm praying over America and our soil.
' And the Lord said, 'Pray over Easter.
' If you remember, a week or two weeks ago, the Lord said—I don't even remember now how far—he said, 'Pray over Easter.
' It's just a week later, after Ramadan is over, that Easter and Palm Sunday take place.
So we're praying over our churches for America and for surprise attacks, for our Homeland Security to find all of it, for the FBI, all of it.
There's a lot of chatter, from what I understand.
So with all that being said, folks, this is just escalating.
You know, I talked to Pastor Candace where we go to church.
She called last night, going over everything of what I believe the Lord has been showing me and relating it to Bible prophecy and where we are with the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and the revival that we believe we're right there.
She told Diana and me, 'I've been reading books on the glory, stirring myself up on old books of the glorious church rising and old prayer books about the glory and meditating on the glory and walking in it like an Azusa Street and stirring myself up.
' If I go back to what the Lord said even about the false alien visitations that I believe we'll have in the days ahead with the wars and the rumors of wars and everything he said about Matthew 24 and the men being offended and the great apostasies and the falling away and all the things.
Then we got John Bevere's book today, 'The King is Coming,' I believe is what it's called.
I'm going to tell you the first chapter—I'm going to be real with you and always tell you the truth—the first chapter was kind of boring.
It's just the opening, get you ready for it.
Second chapter better.
By the time Diana got into the fourth, fifth, and sixth chapters, she read to me in the car.
It seemed like all evening she's been reading to me because she loves John Bevere's books and she's like, 'Oh my god, this book is phenomenal.
' But when I first heard the first chapter, I thought it was kind of slow.
And then all of a sudden you felt the anointing shift and I thought, 'Woohoo!
It's a winner.
' And so I got so excited, especially the chapter about the Jewish wedding ceremony.
Phenomenal.
I didn't know the custom.
If we go back to the vision that I had where Jesus was standing underneath the hoopa—it was the pillar, the post, and there were olive leaves carved into it, and it was all in this lacquer.
It was beautiful.
This hoopa with lace and all kinds of things on it, and he was waiting on the bride.
He was a flame of fire there waiting.
And as he goes into the Jewish wedding ceremony and how it correlates—it's a type and shadow of Jesus coming back for his church—it was the most beautiful thing to me personally.
I told Diana, 'I could read that chapter four or five times.
' Because of our culture, we're ignorant Americans; we don't know much about Jewish culture and what it meant for Jesus and what he was talking about.
But even when John Bevere said the disciples did—well, yeah, because that was their tradition, that's the way they lived.
But us, we don't know the tradition of Jewish culture back when Jesus's timeframe was.
But he describes it all and how it correlates with the body of Christ right now, and I was like, 'Oh my gosh, this is so cool.
' And so it blessed me a lot.
Like I said, I haven't read the whole book, so I can't tell you I love the whole thing, but I can tell you from what I have heard my wife read to me, it is an A+ so far.
I give it an A+.
He goes into pre-trib, mid-trib, and post-trib, right?
Yeah.
So you hear his point of view about it and how he brings scripture into it and where his stance is, which is just like mine.
We're not appointed unto wrath.
I believe with all my heart that God's not a wife-beater.
And it goes along even with the point of what I've told you of keeping your lamps full of oil, not being in bed with the world.
Be separate unto him.
Be expecting a purified bride, a purified Jewish culture.
A bride was waiting for her husband for that year.
He even said that the bride was not in bed with the world; she was separated for her groom.
It was just the stuff that was the type and shadow.
My goodness.
This is why I've been telling you: you must get on fire for Jesus.
You must be all-in.
You have to get your lamp full of oil.
It's time to get out of compromise.
You have to be that bride, that vessel without spot or wrinkle.
The only way you're going to do that is by being separate and holy unto him.
Like Billy Burke, we talk about God.
I have all of God; God needs more of me while he's inside of me.
He is dwelling on the inside of me, but I've got to die to self and give him more of me.
It's the refining fire; it's coming up higher.
You can either fly with the crows or you can fly with an eagle.
The Lord showed me about the prophetic yesterday.
He said, "You want to know more about the prophetic?
" I said, "Yeah, I would like to know.
When I get to a certain place in the visions that you're showing me, it feels like a lid.
" He said, "It's on purpose.
The higher you go with me, the greater the responsibility for what I reveal to you, so you can't just flippantly say everything out of your mouth.
" There were three different levels of the prophetic that he showed me.
He said this level down here, you can see as a watchman; you're able to see with your natural eye what I want to say.
I'm just paraphrasing, so just follow me.
You're on the wall and you can see, but then at the next level, you have magnifying glasses and you can see magnified; you can see quite a ways.
But then when you get to the next level, you've got radar, and the radar is going beep-beep, and you're going, "Oh, I didn't see that.
" Why?
Because it's Holy Ghost radar.
As I was seeing in the spirit, the higher you go with him, the more you are required to keep your mouth shut until he is releasing you to say more.
To whom much is given, much is required.
Down here, he said that's where a lot of people dwell because that's where their trust level is.
To go from glory to glory requires trust.
To whom much is given, much is required.
Do you want to walk in the greater manifestations of me like Elijah, like the prophets of old who were more sold out?
There is a level of intimacy that a lot of the culture today has no idea about.
That's what he was talking to me about over the last 48 hours since the last video we did.
I know the price because it costs a lot.
Just to get where I am right now has cost a lot.
I said, "Lord, to get to the next summit, to go higher and fly in the higher space with the eagles, to go from glory to glory...
" the air gets even thinner the higher you go.
It's all about dying to self and not worrying about what people think.
So, all that being said, it's a cultivation.
Where are we today?
I try to keep you updated on what's going on in my own personal life and what he talks to me about.
He starts talking about investments, how to grow your money, and being blessed, going from glory to glory, being a steward over what he's given you, and how he cares about every little thing in your life.
He cares about your finances, your health, eating right, and taking care of your temple.
He wants us to go from glory to glory and live a long life.
He wants us, beloved—I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
And if you're not prospering in your soul, you aren't prospering in the natural.
I want to be blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out, but not only that, in my soul—your mind, will, and emotions.
You do that by renewing your mind with the Word of God.
It's not just a one-time thing.
I think it was FF Bosworth who said people eat three times a day for their flesh and only one little bit of food for their spirit once a week on Sundays.
They feed their flesh all week long but only feed their spirit one meal a week.
I was thinking about that, and it's the truth for many.
I truly believe the reason the Lord brought me on YouTube, X, and all these other platforms is to tell people that he's coming, but also that you must have a relationship with him and be intimate with him through the Word of God, prayer, and separation.
You have to come up higher.
I told you very strongly—I even told my little brother—that you don't understand, a storm's coming.
I heard one lightning strike, and we never heard any more lightning or thunder that night.
It was just that one moment.
I said, "A storm is coming," and then it went crack—it was loud and shook the house.
Never again did it the rest of the time; it didn't even rain.
Most people said that was AI or that we made it up.
I'm telling you on a stack of Bibles, it was real.
We did not make that up with AI.
That was the Lord, and it was a sign.
I'm not here to try to deceive you.
It was the Lord trying to warn you.
As it shook the house, it tripped me out.
I had goosebumps on goosebumps.
Braden and I were just looking at each other.
After it was over, that's all we could talk about because of the force of the thunder; it shook the whole home.
I thought, "Oh my goodness, Lord, you're a God of signs," but it's an emphasis.
He's emphasizing where we are.
There's a storm coming.
Yesterday the Lord said Xi Jinping has made his decision.
He's getting ready to implement the plan concerning Taiwan.
I do not want to say this to scare you; I say this to prepare you to pray.
As I was seeing that, it took three days to overthrow it.
I saw it happen again.
It took three days, similar to what happened with Maduro.
They came in like stealth in the middle of the night, and there was not much of a fight.
I saw it.
Now, can we change it?
I believe we can.
I believe there are things we can pray and stop or delay.
But this is what I see.
I see in part.
I saw into Russia, the cat and mouse, and these unconventional weapons of war—weapons we've never seen before out of Russia.
They aren't holding back the big stuff anymore, using weapons that were shock and awe.
Then I want to show you the clip concerning the gas wars.
Braden made this short and said, "Daddy, do you remember saying this?
" I said, "Yeah, I remember part of it.
" This was on June 1st, 2025.
So, here we are.
I gave this word from the Lord.
Now, are we about to see that?
I don't try to add to or take away from anything and say, 'Well, that's where we are right now.
' But if I go by what I saw, could we be there?
In my opinion, we could.
We could be right there.
I thought this was interesting because Braden found this; he was looking through my videos to find things for shorts.
Look at what the Lord said: 'I saw a great war breaking out with Israel and Iran in the days ahead.
' I told you back in January that I saw an American missile striking a mountain that was an underground city.
Iran set all kinds of deterrents trying to stop this missile.
It was a very powerful one.
When Israel does this, I saw that they set Iran back financially, nuclear—everything.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord say they put them back in the Stone Age.
When they do this, they strike their refineries, and I saw gas and oil prices skyrocketing.
I've warned you about this since 2023.
Then the Lord showed me in that vision the 1970s gas wars.
I saw cars lined up down the blocks because of gas shortages.
It would bring the price of oil up to $200 a barrel.
Big money trying to flow would stimulate the American economy whenever these big oil productions get hit in the Middle East.
It would happen for a season, for a window.
I don't know how long, but for a window.
I saw 'drill, baby, drill.
' I saw pipelines being opened up and worked out, making major agreements.
The Nord Stream pipeline, I believe, is what it's called.
I saw it being talked about and opened up, trying to get this deal going, doing major oil deals ahead and stimulating America's economy.
But when this happens, I saw great antisemitism because people are mad at Israel about what they're about to do.
Remember this: I saw them wanting to retaliate with war—Russia, Syria, Turkey.
I saw them getting upset in the Middle East against Israel.
Have we changed it through prayer?
I don't believe we have.
So, are we there?
I don't know.
It looks like something, doesn't it?
Can we stop it through prayer?
A lot of the visions that the Lord gives me, we change through prayer.
I don't consider myself a prophet; I've said that a thousand times.
I believe I'm a watchman.
The Lord said, 'I've called you to go on YouTube and pray and I will show you things that are going to happen in the future about world events and you will change it through prayer on this channel—governmental things, voting, all of it.
' That's my main focus.
A lot of people ask, 'Is that prophetic?
' I see things and the Lord tells me to pray.
So, is that prophetic?
You label me whatever you want; I don't care.
I don't label myself.
I just keep close to Him.
But whenever I see part of a word coming to pass, I start to look.
It was a window; it doesn't last very long.
As I told you, Venezuela and Iran and all these were trying to be part of the BRICS in the days ahead.
I saw Trump strategically—Braden has the videos—eliminating the new BRICS system so that it becomes weak.
They needed funding.
Venezuela, Iran's oil, and other nations in Africa rising up to back the BRICS currency.
I saw Trump attacking that.
This is exactly what I believe is happening.
It makes the dollar strong and makes it where they don't have a BRICS anymore.
BRICS goes away.
As I saw Macron and these other men, they try to rise up a greater war in Europe to support the euro.
I saw the euro would be in trouble and war break out.
It all goes to a digital platform in the days ahead to a beast system with crypto, and the foundation is being laid.
I don't know, folks.
All I know is when I see all the signs of the times all around us right now, it sure looks like the Book of Revelation.
It looks like the things that we've been waiting for.
It's time to get serious with Jesus.
It's time to get your heart right, get out of compromise, and put your eyes to the skies.
People ask, 'Brandon, where do you think it could come?
' I look for Him every day.
But I know I usually look around the Jewish feast time frames—Rosh Hashanah—during that time frame for what Sister Billie and everybody teaches.
I'm not an eschatology expert, y'all.
It's hard for me to understand the Book of Revelation, but I try.
I study as much as I can with Perry Stone and other men like Rick Renner.
I try to grasp what they say, but they're over my head a lot of times.
John Bevere's book was the easiest for me to understand so far.
He doesn't try to talk in algebra.
I can grasp that.
Make it simple.
If my kid, Paisley, can't understand it, then it's too complicated.
Make it where people can grab a hold of it.
If you try to talk about living by faith in a way that people can't get a hold of it, how are you going to go from glory to glory?
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
If you don't understand the preacher because he talks too educated, then you've got to simplify it for some folks.
I'm not trying to be belittling; I'm just saying if you don't have a PhD in theology, make it where someone who is a mechanic can understand.
Who cares?
The mechanic fixing your car is probably making more money anyway if he has his own body shop.
It's just interesting to me because so many people try to be so educated when they talk and you walk away not understanding a thing.
I try to make it simple based on what I know, as someone who barely passed high school with a GED.
I keep pushing and grab a hold of what God has given me.
I'm a bulldog on a bone; I'm not giving up until I've got a hold of it.
I liked what I heard about John Bevere's book today from what my wife read me.
I hope that blessed you.
I tried not to make it too long, but I ended up talking too much.
Then I saw this man be assassinated on a stage with microphones in front of him.
He was behind a pulpit talking to a crowd, and it looked like he was appointed to be the leader over that nation.
As he was talking, someone from the right took him out.
It went through his collarbone area—he probably had a bulletproof vest on—but it went through his neck area and out.
He was done.
As I watched this, I heard the people screaming.
I could see it in the vision.
I heard the people screaming and acting up, freaking out because of what they just witnessed.
But they brought in another after this man was taken over.
I saw this man after he was done; I saw a bad leader come in again, and the Lord—I heard Him say, "I told you the window of this.
" I mean, I told you this would be a window, not a door—not like Cuba, not like Mexico, not like Venezuela.
I'll bring in leaders for those nations, and great revival will come forth out of there, but there'll be a longer time frame.
I saw Iran flip quickly back to bringing in some bozo like the Ayatollah again.
It was a window for the church to have a major revival.
So I pray for that man, Reza Pahlavi, or whatever his name is.
I pray for his safety.
I don't wish evil upon anybody; I tell you what I see.
It was a very colorful vision, very bold.
I could see the microphones that were in front of his face.
I don't know where he was.
It looked to be like sandstone buildings around him.
They were like a yellow-looking color, almost like a burnt red-orange looking color building—some kind of sandstone or stucco.
But as I saw that, it was short-lived.
You can let a bird out of a cage, but if they know how to live in bondage and they've never been free before, they don't know how to fly.
They don't know how to get out and be done.
They're so used to living in bondage.
People have been so used to living in bondage for decade after decade since the 1970s.
They said when the Ayatollah got in there, and then here we are.
You can free them, but are they free inside?
It’s the same thing with Egypt, the same thing with the children of Israel coming out of Egypt.
They were bound inside their minds, and it took a whole new generation to come up and let the old ones die off before they could go and take the land.
You've got to get stinking thinking out of your thinking and realize that you're more than a conqueror—that God has come to set you free.
But as long as you think bound, you'll be bound.
As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
And that's what the Lord is showing me.
I can free them, Brandon.
I can free them, but they're not free.
Even if I let them out and open the cage door and say, "Free bird, fly," they're so used to being on that perch, being the one trapped, that they don't realize the door's open and they have an opportunity.
They still think back and go back to the way they were in bondage.
It was better in Egypt.
Even after I freed them: "It's better in Egypt.
" I give them manna from heaven—and John said in that book, it was boxcars full of manna.
Every morning God provided a miracle—huge amounts of food, thousands and thousands of pounds for millions of people.
Every morning God provided, but it's better in Egypt because Egypt was still inside of them.
They didn't realize, "We're free.
We can take the land.
The God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob is with us.
" They didn't want to go up on the mountain; they sent Moses.
I refuse to allow the devil to keep me bound in my thinking.
It's time to come up higher and realize who we are.
He's the accuser of the brethren, folks.
He tries to tell you all the time you're a loser, but we're winners.
Jesus made us winners; we're more than conquerors.
So, Father, we just thank You for the body that was broken for us.
As we praise You tonight for all that You've done for setting us free, Father, thank You, Lord, for the Iranian people, that they'll take hold of this opportunity and get ready for the greatest revival they've ever seen.
It will be all around them if they'll grab hold of it—the church.
They'll take this opportunity and bring in the souls all throughout the region.
I thank You, Father, for the body that was broken.
You were wounded for our transgressions; You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, we are healed.
We thank You, Lord, that we don't have to be sick in our bodies anymore.
We thank You, Lord, that we walk in divine health, and we take this body in the name of Jesus and receive it by faith.
We have a covenant.
This is a cup of the covenant.
Jesus took it all, and we don't have to have it.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that our sins are forgiven.
The moment we confess our sins, You are faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
We plead the blood, we apply the blood, and we make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
We thank You, Lord.
There's a bloodline around us: over my mind, over my health, over my finances, over my wife, my children, all of us—God, my dogs.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
The blessing of the Lord is on our house.
Father, this is the beginning of March, and I thank You, Lord, that the blood moon was last night.
The signs of the times are all around us again.
You're screaming in the sky, Lord.
You're yelling, telling everybody, "Are we listening?
Are we listening to what You're saying?
" I take this blood right now in the name of Jesus, and we apply it to us.
Amen and amen.
I have to say one more thing.
I noticed about two or three weeks ago, when I hear Him and that cloak comes on, I feel like I can hear Him like I'm talking to Braden.
It's that loud.
But I noticed as I had gotten an offense in my heart—and we were reading "The Bait of Satan" and getting that offense out—it sounded like He was talking like this.
I told Diana, "It's not deep; it's shallow.
" It's not like it's coming on all the way.
I don't understand what's going on.
But that's why I take time and I don't make videos; I get quiet.
When I don't hear Him, I freeze.
If you aren't hearing Him real clear, I check my thermostat.
I know because He's always there and He's always talking to me, but when He talks and it doesn't sound very clear, like He's muffled, He's still saying the same thing.
But as soon as that happens, I check my heart because it's the flesh that's in the way.
So if you feel like God's trying to tell you something and you can't understand what He's saying, check your heart, check your flesh, check your thermostat.
You're in the way.
So I started saying, "Well, Lord, something's wrong.
" I took that time, and then Diana got sick with COVID and all that.
I got real quiet, and He said, "Examine yourself.
All it takes is to go just a little bit off course to go way off course over time.
" And that's what I was trying to tell you all as I was examining the offense in my heart.
The moment I started praying for those that despitefully used me and came against me—people I felt offended by—I started praying for them and lifting them up, and it became loud again.
How do you love your brother?
Check your love walk, your love thermostat.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
What does that mean?
I don't care who's talking trash about you; I'm walking in love.
Check your love thermostat.
I don't care what the email says or what you get in the mail from some sister that writes you a long letter telling you off.
I don't care what you say, sister.
I'm following what the voice of the Lord told me to do, and I forgive you.
But it's easy to take offense.
That's why I'm saying when you get that root of offense and you keep stacking them up in there, eventually he starts talking like this.
But he's saying the same thing, and he's still there.
What's wrong with you, Brandon?
It's not my Father.
Why are you talking like this, Lord?
Why is it not so deep, Lord?
Why doesn't it feel like that cloak coming on like it used to?
What happened?
I still feel it, but it's not like it was.
What's wrong with me?
The moment you start checking your heart and getting it right, you start getting that Holy Ghost Brillo pad and you start rubbing it on the inside, cleaning yourself up.
There's something wrong here; something's wrong with you.
It's not God.
So if you say, "Brandon, I don't hear God," check your thermostat.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Because even with me, Diana said, "Brandon, I never fluff you up, honey, but I've never heard anyone hear God like you do—to sit, walk, and talk to him like you do.
" I don't even think about it; I just walk with him.
But I never want to take for granted what he's done.
I'm amazed by what he's done.
I'm amazed that he would show me that which is to come.
He could have shown anybody, but I don't ever want to lose my awe of him.
Don't become familiar with his voice.
Don't become familiar and accustomed to it that you take it for granted.
Whenever you talk about this, check your heart.
What is it?
What's wrong with me?
Do I have pride?
What is it?
Because he resists the proud.
What is keeping me from hearing you like this?
I search my heart.
No, God, forgive me.
I humble myself under your hand.
Do I need to go clean some toilets?
Do you want me to go outside and pick some weeds for somebody?
Do you want me to do something that I don't want to do?
What is it?
You want me to give some money away that I had set aside, that I was trying to save for something?
You want me to do something?
Is it more important than you?
I don't want anything to be more important than him.
Finances, whatever it be, if it starts having more of a place than him, I give it away.
Here, take it, because you're not going to cost me the voice.
You're not going to take my friend.
My flesh is never going to dominate me.
Shut up.
You might say, "Well, Brandon, you've got issues with eating.
" Not anymore.
I'm going to tell it, "Shut up.
Eat salad.
" I'm not telling you it's easy for me; everybody has something.
You say it's so easy because you're a workout trainer and you go to the gym, but you might have gossip or something else.
I don't know.
So don't try to compare the speck in their eye to the log in yours.
Just stay to yourself and mind your business.
That's what I've learned.
"Well, I see he smokes a cigar, he's out there doing this.
" It's none of my business.
I keep vertical.
If you go horizontal, you'll start looking at everybody else's stuff.
I look at you, Father.
I don't want his voice to sound like this.
That was free; I'm teasing.
I'm just trying to help you.
I try to be transparent to tell you how even Brandon has stuff.
I listen and I go, "Why are you not so loud?
What happened?
What did I do?
" Search me, know me.
Did I do something?
Yeah.
How do I fix it?
Do this and this.
Okay.
And then all of a sudden, the volume got turned up.
The static got out of the TV.
The rabbit ears got focused.
Then it's no longer static; it's clear.
I hear you.
It's back.
And I say it: "The clarity is back!
" So, let's pray.
Father, we just yield to you.
I yield to the prophetic.
I yield to the watchman anointing.
I yield to whatever you want to tell me, Father.
And if there's anything that you want to show me tonight, I say it's uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus over any vision or anything that you want to show me at all.
And if you don't, Father, we're cool.
I'm so good with it.
Father, I thank you that we decrease and you increase.
We attract to deflect.
We thank you, Lord, that we give you all the glory, the honor, and the praise.
Keeping our hearts right, dying to self, doing what you called us to do in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father, we lift up those tunnels.
We lift up the tunnels in the name of Jesus, that every single one of them be uncovered.
That the CIA, Mossad, whoever would find these tunnels and expose them.
That there would be no place to hide underneath any mountain, any hilltop, any kind of cavern, deep way down underground.
I'm going to pray in the spirit because it's more effective for me.
These leaders are going through those tunnels hiding.
Now there's one particular leader; he's hiding in there.
I see you hiding.
What is that?
I hear "bloodline.
" It's the new man.
It's that new man, Brandon.
The beard—he's going to be done.
He's done.
They already know where he's at.
We call him done, too.
Like a rat!
We expose the rats.
Come out of those caves, come out of those tombs, come out of those underground bunkers in the name of Jesus.
The one intelligence says he's there, and there are three that say he's not there.
The one is right.
I see a man.
He is bald on top with hair on the sides.
Everything that's hiding underground, we call you out in Jesus' name.
We call it exposed.
We call it out in Jesus' name, that there be no place to hide.
No biological weapons to hide, supersonic missiles to be done in Jesus' name.
For every payload to be uncovered in Jesus' name.
I pray over the Abraham Lincoln.
We pray over that boat right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray over the deck.
We pray over the missile defense system.
All the things we cannot see, all the things they cannot see...
forever.
Watch Pakistan.
There's a radical Islamic force that's going to try to spring forth out of Pakistan against this.
What's going on as a wounded fellow comrade?
Watch Pakistan.
I see the group of leadership.
They're waiting, more radicalized.
Radical regimes.
It's almost like—of course, it's a spirit—but I hear they all want the same thing: the Mahdi.
It's because of the kind of Muslim they are, their lineage.
It's more like the pure, where they all go to this side versus the other side.
I don't understand it because I'm not Muslim.
But I see these over here; they're just as volatile as what it is in Iran.
This guy has a white turban on his head, and I see this leader in Pakistan that somebody is very upset with.
They said, "We want the Mahdi to come.
" I see MBS.
He's putting on black velvet clothes.
I don't care what you say, sister.
I'm following what the voice of the Lord told me to do, and I forgive you.
But it's easy to take offense.
That's why I'm saying when you get that root of offense and you keep stacking them up in there, eventually he starts talking like this.
But he's saying the same thing, and he's still there.
What's wrong with you, Brandon?
It's not my Father.
Why are you talking like this, Lord?
Why is it not so deep, Lord?
Why doesn't it feel like that cloak coming on like it used to?
What happened?
I still feel it, but it's not like it was.
What's wrong with me?
The moment you start checking your heart and getting it right, you start getting that Holy Ghost Brillo pad and you start rubbing it on the inside, cleaning yourself up.
There's something wrong here; something's wrong with you.
It's not God.
So if you say, "Brandon, I don't hear God," check your thermostat.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Because even with me, Diana said, "Brandon, I never fluff you up, honey, but I've never heard anyone hear God like you do—to sit, walk, and talk to him like you do.
" I don't even think about it; I just walk with him.
But I never want to take for granted what he's done.
I'm amazed by what he's done.
I'm amazed that he would show me that which is to come.
He could have shown anybody, but I don't ever want to lose my awe of him.
Don't become familiar with his voice.
Don't become familiar and accustomed to it that you take it for granted.
Whenever you talk about this, check your heart.
What is it?
What's wrong with me?
Do I have pride?
What is it?
Because he resists the proud.
What is keeping me from hearing you like this?
I search my heart.
No, God, forgive me.
I humble myself under your hand.
Do I need to go clean some toilets?
Do you want me to go outside and pick some weeds for somebody?
Do you want me to do something that I don't want to do?
What is it?
You want me to give some money away that I had set aside, that I was trying to save for something?
You want me to do something?
Is it more important than you?
I don't want anything to be more important than him.
Finances, whatever it be, if it starts having more of a place than him, I give it away.
Here, take it, because you're not going to cost me the voice.
You're not going to take my friend.
My flesh is never going to dominate me.
Shut up.
You might say, "Well, Brandon, you've got issues with eating.
" Not anymore.
I'm going to tell it, "Shut up.
Eat salad.
" I'm not telling you it's easy for me; everybody has something.
You say it's so easy because you're a workout trainer and you go to the gym, but you might have gossip or something else.
I don't know.
So don't try to compare the speck in their eye to the log in yours.
Just stay to yourself and mind your business.
That's what I've learned.
"Well, I see he smokes a cigar, he's out there doing this.
" It's none of my business.
I keep vertical.
If you go horizontal, you'll start looking at everybody else's stuff.
I look at you, Father.
I don't want his voice to sound like this.
That was free; I'm teasing.
I'm just trying to help you.
I try to be transparent to tell you how even Brandon has stuff.
I listen and I go, "Why are you not so loud?
What happened?
What did I do?
" Search me, know me.
Did I do something?
Yeah.
How do I fix it?
Do this and this.
Okay.
And then all of a sudden, the volume got turned up.
The static got out of the TV.
The rabbit ears got focused.
Then it's no longer static; it's clear.
I hear you.
It's back.
And I say it: "The clarity is back!
" So, let's pray.
Father, we just yield to you.
I yield to the prophetic.
I yield to the watchman anointing.
I yield to whatever you want to tell me, Father.
And if there's anything that you want to show me tonight, I say it's uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus over any vision or anything that you want to show me at all.
And if you don't, Father, we're cool.
I'm so good with it.
Father, I thank you that we decrease and you increase.
We attract to deflect.
We thank you, Lord, that we give you all the glory, the honor, and the praise.
Keeping our hearts right, dying to self, doing what you called us to do in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father, we lift up those tunnels.
We lift up the tunnels in the name of Jesus, that every single one of them be uncovered.
That the CIA, Mossad, whoever would find these tunnels and expose them.
That there would be no place to hide underneath any mountain, any hilltop, any kind of cavern, deep way down underground.
I'm going to pray in the spirit because it's more effective for me.
These leaders are going through those tunnels hiding.
Now there's one particular leader; he's hiding in there.
I see you hiding.
What is that?
I hear "bloodline.
" It's the new man.
It's that new man, Brandon.
The beard—he's going to be done.
He's done.
They already know where he's at.
We call him done, too.
Like a rat!
We expose the rats.
Come out of those caves, come out of those tombs, come out of those underground bunkers in the name of Jesus.
The one intelligence says he's there, and there are three that say he's not there.
The one is right.
I see a man.
He is bald on top with hair on the sides.
Everything that's hiding underground, we call you out in Jesus' name.
We call it exposed.
We call it out in Jesus' name, that there be no place to hide.
No biological weapons to hide, supersonic missiles to be done in Jesus' name.
For every payload to be uncovered in Jesus' name.
I pray over the Abraham Lincoln.
We pray over that boat right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray over the deck.
We pray over the missile defense system.
All the things we cannot see, all the things they cannot see...
forever.
Watch Pakistan.
There's a radical Islamic force that's going to try to spring forth out of Pakistan against this.
What's going on as a wounded fellow comrade?
Watch Pakistan.
I see the group of leadership.
They're waiting, more radicalized.
Radical regimes.
It's almost like—of course, it's a spirit—but I hear they all want the same thing: the Mahdi.
It's because of the kind of Muslim they are, their lineage.
It's more like the pure, where they all go to this side versus the other side.
I don't understand it because I'm not Muslim.
But I see these over here; they're just as volatile as what it is in Iran.
This guy has a white turban on his head, and I see this leader in Pakistan that somebody is very upset with.
They said, "We want the Mahdi to come.
" I see MBS.
He's putting on black velvet clothes.
God's going to bring in this harvest.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us.
Great is your hand on us.
Lord, we thank you that judgment begins in the house of the Lord first and that we're in that cleft of the rock that you preserve us.
You protect us.
Father, I thank you that we're getting ready.
Father, we're ready for that 24-hour time frame when it comes.
Amen.
So we call all hidden places to be revealed.
We call those places that are hidden to be revealed.
Oh Father, give our intelligence more intelligence.
Oh God, we thank you that the angels of the Lord are led by the spirit of God.
They are the sons of God.
Father, I thank you that they are led by your spirit.
You show them the underground caverns, the underground bunkers, the underground storage facilities.
We call them exposed.
We call them liberated, annihilated, and found in Jesus' name that everything that is hidden will be revealed all across this nation.
There will be no rock they can hide in, no cave, no mountain, no cliff, no valley, no river, no nothing.
Father, it is all exposed in Jesus' name.
And now, Father, we lift up in the name of Jesus, Don Jr.
We pray for Don Jr.
We put a hedge around and about him, Father, from the top of his head to the soles of his feet.
A thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
We thank you, Lord.
Don Jr.
is protected specifically.
Kai Trump is protected.
Eric is protected.
Ivanka is protected.
Tiffany and Barron, we pray a hedge around and about those kids right now in the name of Jesus.
There would not be a distraction for President Trump, that his family is safe, his grandkids and his family in the name of Jesus, that every plot, every plan, every pursuit is uncovered by the FBI and our Secret Service, Homeland Security.
We thank you, Lord, that it would be every plot, every plan, every pursuit on his family, on the vice president, on him, his wife.
I pray over his blood, over his veins, over his neck, over his hands, and the way his blood flows to his veins.
I pray over his body right now in the name of Jesus that he lives long and finishes strong.
Everything that you have for him to do, he will accomplish it uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We pray a hedge around and about him that though the storm around the White House is raging furiously, Father, we call peace to the storms.
We call peace to this in Jesus' name, that he will not be distracted by anything that's trying to come on him, Father, that he'll finish and he'll have a covering in the name of Jesus.
He'll not listen to the lizard.
He'll not listen to the demonic voices in the White House.
Father, I thank you that you pray.
We pray over Marco Rubio that you give him protection to finish his job in the name of Jesus, that he has wisdom on how to deal with Cuba and Mexico and Venezuela and over Colombia.
We thank you, Lord, that all around Brazil, Father, there's leadership rising up, good leaders for a major harvest of souls is coming all throughout South America.
I call them in in Jesus' name and that the church would rise up and there will be the greatest revival we've ever seen.
I pray over South Korea, over Taiwan, over Japan, over North Korea, over the Philippines, over all the islands.
Father, we thank you, over Australia.
We thank you for a major move of God is going to happen in Australia that you stir in the Australian people all over Africa.
Father, I just pray for every place, every continent that is represented here tonight for the beginning of the turnaround.
When I say a turnaround, a great harvest, that the church will rise up and preach repentance because Jesus is coming.
It's time to get serious about our Father's business.
I believe, Father, I'll focus on that one.
I see you.
He's putting all the pieces together right now.
Putin, he's putting the pieces together right now.
I see that bridge.
We apply the blood over our nation, over every hidden terrorist cell, over any kind of foreign army, Red Dawn experience, D-Day.
We call you exposed, we call you brought to justice.
Every hidden cell, every plot, every plan, every attack on our soil, we call you exposed in Jesus' name.
Oh, every day.
Every day.
It's time.
He wants us to enjoy life.
What we're about to see is something glorious.
And the church, the remnant.
Yeah, there's fearful sights you will see.
But I'm seeing the glorious church in America.
I'm seeing a glorious church rise up and great glory days have just begun.
Days of fun, days of fun have just begun.
Churches that have heaven on earth.
I'm talking services of heaven on earth, the glory manifested in churches.
I hope you don't get so familiar with what I'm telling you that you just kind of blow it off and it's like, Oh, whatever.
No, I'm talking about grabbing a hold of it and believing for heaven on earth in your services.
I can see it.
I heard him when he said it as I was looking across America and I was looking for the terrorists.
He said, I see them, some of them have been found.
Some of them have been found and they don't even know that they found them to the full extent of who they've captured.
Some of them have been found, he said, and they don't know to the full extent of who they have captured.
But as I was looking across the nation and I was going through each state and I was praying for that, right then I was in my spirit.
I was seeing it and I was going up and down and I was searching the nation, praying for every state, every place that is represented with terrorist activity, praying over our nation, saturating it in protection with prayer all up California coastline, all over going up.
Up and down, up and Nevada, going up, praying over this place.
Oh God, I thank you for the mercy for your hand of grace over our nation that you'll uncover every plot, every plan, every pursuit on our president, on his children.
And I felt a highlight when I got to Don tonight.
And the Lord said specifically over Don tonight, pray over his protection concerning him and his traveling around him.
Pray a protection over his daughter.
Pray over his family, Don Jr.
specifically.
I saw it.
Followed by Eric.
Wasn't so much about the girls and it wasn't so much about Barron.
I saw the older boys concerning an eye for an eye, like a revenge for these leaders that have been taken out.
Specific assignment on his children because of these generals and these people in the government, a retaliation.
So we pray over his son specifically that they will be okay and they will be.
I believe with all my heart.
That's the church.
We're praying.
We're covering these men in the blood and their families, their children, their daughters, their sons, and the blessing.
But as I was looking and I was going up and down the states praying over them, I saw a glory on them.
I saw a heaven invading on the services.
And I'm telling you, regardless, I mean, you know, we're able to see the darkness so much easier because it's always in front of us on media, Facebook, X, whatever.
It's so much darkness, bombs going off, everything.
It's just bombardment.
But I'm telling you, it's a 50/50.
You can either focus on which side of this nickel do you want to focus on?
You can focus on the head or you can focus on the tail.
Heads or tails?
But it's so thin.
And the glory is on this side.
And the darkness that's happening right now is going to get darker.
It's not going to get lighter.
The church is going to get brighter.
And you can either focus on what you see in the media and all this on social media or you can get ready because the glory and I see a heaven invading an earth on this side of the coin.
And yeah, it's really thin and all this is so focused on because that's all we see and we're inundated with it all day long.
But I'm telling you, there's a heaven that's invading earth.
And we're about to see the greatest manifestation of the glory of God that we've ever seen before.
Souls are coming in hot.
A great shaking to awaken.
And the Lord said, "What are you going to do with my babies?
They're coming in.
The light's going to get lighter and the dark's going to get darker.
It's not going to get better in the darkness.
It's happening.
Epstein list, you got Hillary up there talking and screaming and acting out and Bill's up there and all this stuff.
I told you it's days of very embarrassing days are coming to some politicians.
Very embarrassing days.
That's embarrassing to sit up there like she had to and talk and they're exposing all her dirty laundry because of what her husband's done with Epstein.
Allegedly, right?
As we say, allegedly, whatever.
So, you see all this stuff going on in the media, and I'm trying to tell you, I see a major move of God in churches across America.
Specifically, when I was looking over there, I saw John Kilpatrick's church again.
I specifically saw his church again tonight.
A major move is about to take place even in church of his presence.
And I'm expecting to see it on YouTube services like that.
And as soon as they start, I'm headed down.
Well, I'll camp outside in this parking lot.
You'll be like, "Who's the tent over there?
" That's Brandon.
He's excited.
Don't bother me.
I'm sleeping getting ready for service that night or whatever.
I'm because I know the hotels will be packed full when it happens.
You won't be able to find a room.
People are hungry for authentic.
People are wanting a fresh move of God that's authentic, not fake.
They want heaven invading earth.
Get ready.
It's coming.
And you say, "Well, when Brandon, I'm telling I would expect it tomorrow.
" Look, I wouldn't be surprised if they have church and something happens on Wednesday.
That's what tomorrow is.
I'm expecting something is about to break in the spirit realm concerning the church.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
It's happening and people are getting cleaned up.
Things are happening and a major move of God's about to take place.
And I told you it don't last very long.
I get excited about it.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We give you praise, Father, that we're about to see something amazing.
Signs.
The signs of the time.
We had a sign last night.
It was in the sky.
Flashing red.
Look at me.
Signs of the times.
Red.
Caution.
That's what that means.
It's like a red light.
We had our big red light up in the sky.
Red light.
What happens to red light?
You stop.
What do you want me stop?
What are we looking for?
Something.
That's why that big red light was in the sky last night.
Red light.
What's going on?
It wasn't green.
It's trying to tell you something.
Are you watching?
It went all across America and Asia.
Red light.
What's going on?
Stop.
And observe the sign.
What is it telling you?
Jesus is coming.
The blood red moon.
Hallelujah.
And Lord, we just give you praise and glory and honor.
We thank you for this time of prayer today.
Father, we just give you praise right now for just a minute for bringing those people, finding those tunnels and doing all Father, we give you praise for helping them.
Father, we give you praise for helping.
We believe, Father, we believe.
We're fully persuaded.
We went from believing to fully persuaded you're going to do all that we prayed tonight.
You're going to bring it to pass at last in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that they're going to find those tunnels and the weapons and all the drones and the hidden things will be revealed.
And you're going to show our secret people, our CIA, whoever it is, our Navy Seals, Father, you'll show them.
You'll show them.
Where's the hidden secret things?
I thank you, Father, that Kim Jong-un's days are numbered.
That you remove him and you liberate the people of North Korea, that they will know freedom.
They will know freedom.
I thank you that his days are numbered as the leader of that nation.
That you free them from a tyrant military, tyrant sister, tyrant family members, and that this dynasty goes down in the name of Jesus that the angels of the Lord would make war against the demonic principalities that are holding them back.
I thank you, Lord.
Father, their greatest outpouring flows even over North Korea that you've not forgotten the Asian people, Father.
You've not forgotten them.
You love them.
And they will experience it from over China, over this area.
Father, they will experience the underground church of China.
The underground church.
Father, I thank you will rise up and they'll have their time of great demonstration, manifestation of dead being raised, all kinds of amazing miracles in the name of Jesus.
Shock and awe be on the TV.
Watch it.
It's about to happen.
Shock and awe.
And then he'll have the world's leaders attention on another scale.
Watch what happens.
I see it so clear.
They're going to be like, "What?
" Father, we give you praise for it.
I praise you, Father.
You protect our military.
You protect our servicemen and women.
You protect them in the name of Jesus.
Shock and awe is coming.
Praise you, Father.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Praise you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Shock and awe is coming.
Oh, Father, we praise you, Father.
The shock and awe is coming.
Protect President Trump today.
Thank you.
Shock and awe.
Father, we praise you, Father.
Thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Everybody say amen and amen.
Do you believe it tonight?
We made great headway.
I believe it.
We went through that thing like an icebreaker.
Just tearing it up both sides.
Devil's running in the spirit realm.
For what happens in the spirit is birthed in the natural and you won't see it in the natural until it's birthed in the spirit.
Watch it.
It takes prayer.
Watch.
We're going to find those weapons.
We're going to find them.
We'll look back and give all glory to Jesus when we do.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you that it makes people more safe.
Thank you, Father, that you take them out of these wicked hands of these evil people and that they're not hurting nobody no more.
They're not torturing Christians and doing things to their people.
Thank you, Father.
They find that commander, that evil man, and they annihilate him.
It's time for you to go.
Mojtaba, whatever your name is.
You just got in there.
They put a warrant on your head immediately.
They swore you in.
Time to go.
Next.
Getting rid of these tyrant men.
This is sick.
But you know, signs of the times.
Well, we love you all.
Thank you for joining us tonight in prayer.
What a blessing it is when you show up, all 7,400 of you.
I felt great push.
Did you get anything out of it, though?
You get refreshed?
You feel blessed?
You walk away with your head held high knowing that Jesus is coming in the sky.
It's exciting.
We love you.
We really do.
We'll see you again tomorrow night.
Tomorrow's Wednesday already.
Can you believe that?
Halfway over.
Pray, pray, pray.
Time to pray.
We love you all.
Thank you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior and you're watching, please don't click out.
Jesus just said to me, "Don't stop the broadcast without giving an altar call.
" If you're here, I'm sorry, and you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
If you die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
If you're here tonight and you're riding the fence, you used to be on fire for Jesus.
You used to have that backbone like a crowbar, but now you're kind of like a limp noodle because you let compromise in.
You let the cares of the world choke out all that fire that used to be in there.
And tonight you want a fresh, clean start.
I want to pray for you so you lay your head down on your pillow knowing that if you were to die in your sleep, you're going to go to be in heaven for eternity.
So, I'm just going to say a simple prayer real quick.
And I want you to mean it with all your heart.
If you're not right with the Lord, if you're backsliding, if you're just a little lukewarm—He said if you're lukewarm, he'd rather you be hot or cold; if you're lukewarm, he'll spew you out of his mouth.
Tonight's your night.
I want you to get radical for Jesus.
The signs of times are all around us, folks.
I've said it all night.
But if you don't know Him and He doesn't know you, you're in trouble.
So I want you just to say this simple prayer.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner and I need you, Jesus.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I confess my sins to you.
" And the Bible says, "If I confess my sins, you're faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
" From this day forward, I turn my back on the devil and anything I've been doing.
I turn my back on the sin.
I turn my back on the world.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
I sell out to you.
I give my whole life to you.
I give my whole heart to you.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I dedicate my life to you.
And I thank you, Lord, that if I was to die tonight, I'll be with you in paradise.
Thank you, Lord, that you forgive me of my sins.
Thank you, Lord.
I believe that you are the Son of God and that you died for me.
I'm saved.
I believe if you just said that prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
And if you were feeling lukewarm, if you felt backsliding, if you felt like you were not on the right path, I feel like tonight's the night that you just sold out again.
You're on the right road.
All you have to do is just stay in church.
Read your Bible every day.
Watch good preaching videos, Brother Kenneth E.
, and stir yourself up.
Find a non-denominational church.
Get plugged in there.
One that believes in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
One that does Bible study, has a prayer group, all those things, you know.
Get plugged in and go Sunday, Wednesday, whenever they have Bible study, get plugged in.
Don't go hang around the people you were hanging around thinking it's going to be okay.
They'll suck you down.
Invite them to come with you.
If they don't want to come to church with you, then it's probably time for you to find some new friends.
It's okay.
If they don't want to hear it and they don't want to be your friend and come to church with you and they want to go back to the clubs and go to strip clubs, go hanging out in the bad places, say, "No, I'm not doing that no more.
I'm going to go find a new crowd.
" If you come with me, let's go to church.
It's their choice.
You made your choice tonight to follow Jesus.
It's their choice, too.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't force them to drink.
They've got to be thirsty enough to drink it.
You can't force somebody to serve Jesus.
You've got to tell them, say, "Listen, Jesus is coming.
You're running out of time.
If you don't want to get saved, it's on you, but I love you and I pray for you, but I'm not going to go hang out with you like I used to.
" 20 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight and I almost didn't do it at all.
Forgive me.
20 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight on what was almost a missed opportunity.
I thank you for sticking around.
You just made the best decision you could have ever made.
I apologize, but thank God that you stuck around and you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Welcome to the family.
20 of you gave your heart to Jesus tonight.
20.
All glory to the Lord.
I know it wasn't by coincidence.
He knew you were there.
He said, "Brandon, hold on.
" He knew.
He was going after you, whoever you are, all you 20.
He knew you were there.
Isn't that amazing?
It's amazing to me.
He knew.
I heard him yell.
He yelled loud.
Why?
Because he wanted you.
One of the 20.
He knew, of course, he yells to me, "Brandon, you're missing it.
Hold on.
" 20 people out of those 20, who's the next Billy Graham?
Who's the next A.
A.
Allen or the one that'll bring in the greatest harvest of souls?
You're the next generation.
I'm so excited you came tonight.
Thank you for coming.
I pray that you stick around.
Come pray with us more.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of our prayer group.
We're believing for a million people to come pray on a consecutive basis.
We're having a consecutive number here, but we have much more work to do.
And we're so thankful for every single one of you that came out even as late as it is.
God bless you all.
And now put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
You need to be water baptized.
I almost forgot it.
Go to that church and tell them you go say, "Hey, I got born again online and I want to be water baptized.
" You got to do that.
Do that, too.
Tell them.
God bless you all.
Now, we'll close.
We love you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.